CASMMON-259: Create documentation for Observability Framework (#3140)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/observability/Observability.md

### Configuration file for the grok-exporter

Created the config file for the grok-exporter to parse the goss test log file and make metrics from them. 
We are using grok-exporter config version 3 config for this task and matching log expressions with regex.

The following is the example config passed to grok-exporter to get metrics:
```bash
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: example_name
  namespace: example_namespace
data:
  config.yml: |-
    global:
      config_version: 3
    input:
      type: file
      paths: 
      - /logs/goss_tests/*
      fail_on_missing_logfile: false
    grok_patterns:
      - 'REGEX [regular].*expression'
      - 'EXAMPLE [aA-zZ-].*'
    metrics:
      - type: gauge
        name: example_metric
        help: EXAMPLE METRIC HELP
        match: '{"log_file": "%{REGEX:logfile}", "TEST": "%{EXAMPLE:ex}"}'
        value: '{{`{{.logfile}}`}}'
        labels:
          example_test: '{{`{{.ex}}`}}'
    server:
     port: 9144
```

### Prometheus metrics and Grafana dashboard

> After the above steps the `goss_tests` metrics are seen in prometheus when goss tests are run. Using these metrics we created the Grafana dashboard which shows us the goss tests details visually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the preceding steps the `goss_tests` metrics are seen in Prometheus when Goss tests are run. Using these metrics, Grafana dashboards are created to shows the Goss tests details visually.
```

Goss test dashboard features

> - The dashboard as dropdowns for product, suite and tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The dashboard as dropdowns for product, suite, and tests.
```

> - By default all products, suites and tests are selcted for overall goss tests result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- By default, all products, suites and tests are selected for overall Goss tests result.
```

> - The overall product result, total number of the products, products passed, products failed and it's execution time is seen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The overall product result, total number of the products, products passed, products failed, and its execution time is seen.
```

> - Similarly suite results and tests results are seen from the dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Suite results and test results are seen from the dashboard.
```

> - Node-wise test result are seen with failed nodes, passed nodes and the suite/test description.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Node-wise test result are seen with failed nodes, passed nodes, and the suite/test description.
```

# Install and Upgrade Observability Framework

> The following IUF topics are discussed in the following subsections.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following Install and Upgrade Observability Framework topics are discussed in the following subsections.
```
